Web Dev 2 Midterms
Create a Webpage using ReactJS for a Bus Queue and Loading System.
The Webpage will have a Queue of Passengers with their Name, and ID, together with a List of
possible destinations to choose from, and their prices.
When a destination is chosen the Passenger will be moved to the Corresponding Bus that will
cater to that Specific Destination, and then removed from the Queue. After moving to the
corresponding bus, the Total Sales will increment based on the price of the Destination the
Passenger picked.
The Initial List of Passengers will be found in the API:
https://my-json-server.typicode.com/troy1129/jsonplaceholder/passengers
While the List of Destinations and their corresponding prices will be found in the API:
https://my-json-server.typicode.com/troy1129/jsonplaceholder/destinations
You are also given the option to remove the added passenger in the bus. Then the bus can only
have a maximum of 5 passengers.
Bus 1 will cater to Passengers with the Destination of Cebu and Mandaue
Bus 2 will cater to Passengers with the Destination of Lilo-an and Lapu-Lapu
Bus 3 will cater to Passengers with the Destination of Consolacion and Talisay
You have full freedom when it comes to the design and look of the Web Page.
Sample output:
https://web2mid.vercel.app/
Sample output is meant only to showcase the functionality you need to implement, you are not
required/advised to recreate the style and layout of the app. Design of the webpage will also be
taken into consideration for grading, so design the page how you see fit.
Submission format:
● Project name: FamilyName + Group Number – Midterms
o Sample: Belarmino1-Midterms
● Put your project inside the WebDev2Midterms in your drive in our server.
Scoring:
Scale:
Very Good Good Satisfactory Not
Satisfactory
No Output
1.0 1.5 2.0 3.0 5.0
Rubrics:
Rate
Features & Functionalities (70%)
● API Call to both Endpoints
● Display All Passengers from API
● Add Passenger through the Form
● Display Destinations from the Destinations Endpoint
● Transfer from Queue to Bus based on Picked Destination
● Bus properly displays its passengers
Use of Clean code, dividing pages into meaningful components.
(15%)
Design (15%)
Total
